Webinar of the year (#385)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2020-12/webinar-of-the-year/index.md

---
title: Our most popular webinars in 2020
description: Join us as we list out our favorite webinars of 2020. 
author: derek.campbell@octopus.com
visibility: public
published: 2020-12-30
metaImage: webinar.png
bannerImage: webinar.png
tags:
 - Webinar
 - Company
---

![Webinar of the year](webinar.png)

Webinars are a way for us to share and deep dive into a specific topic for our customers and the broader DevOps community. In this post, I'll be looking at how we run our webinars, how we improved them in 2020, and our top recommendations if you're working through the holiday period and looking for some company.

> ## Octopus Webinars in 2020 - the numbers
> 
> This year, I took over the running of the Octopus webinars. We've had some exceptional webinars delivered by members of our Advisory team, members in our Engineering and Product teams.
> 
> In 2020, we had:
> 
> - [29 Webinars](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjQhW5lC4Qs&list=PLAGskdGvlaw2ph_YPvMquJlzgYd7bEDba)
> - Over 2000 attendees
> - Over 5000 registrations
> - 5000+ hours of webinar content played
> - 20000+ views
> - World-class feedback
> 
> This year, we added:
> 
> - [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjQhW5lC4Qs&list=PLAGskdGvlaw2ph_YPvMquJlzgYd7bEDba), [Twitch](https://twitch.tv/octopusdeploy) & [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/OctopusDeploy/) streaming.
> - Improved our webinars' technical quality and polish with better cameras, lighting, green screens, and more.
> - Better presentation-quality using [OBS](https://obsproject.com/) and [Restream.io](https://restream.io/).
> 
> ## Top webinars of 2020

Reviewer: I get why you included this section, but looking at the final post, I think it's better to focus on just sharing the top webinars. This also feels a bit like a personal post, rather than a statement from Octopus.
```suggestion

You can find all 29 of our webinars on the YouTube [Webinar playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjQhW5lC4Qs&list=PLAGskdGvlaw2ph_YPvMquJlzgYd7bEDba).

## Top webinars of 2020
```

---

> title: Octopus webinars of the year

Reviewer 2: I would tweak this slightly to be `Our best webinars of 2020` or `Our most popular webinars in 2020`.

description: Learn how to configure Octopus Deploy to run on Docker on your local computer in just five minutes.
author: derek.campbell@octopus.com
visibility: public
published: 2020-12-27

> metaImage: webinar.png

Reviewer 2: I'll use the 2020 year in review webinar graphic w/ the professor. 👍

bannerImage: webinar.png
tags:
 - Webinar
 - Runbooks
 - Kubernetes
 - AWS
 - Microservices
 - Engineering
 - Containers
 - Config as Code
 - 2021
 - 2020
 - Execution Containers
 - Azure
 - Cloudformation
 - ARM
---

![Webinar of the year](webinar.png)

> Webinars is something [Octopus Deploy](https://octopus.com) have been running now for a while. My first one was back in November 2018, and it was on [Spaces](https://octopus.com/docs/administration/spaces) and [Workers](https://octopus.com/docs/infrastructure/workers) with [Bob Walker](https://twitter.com/DevOpsWalker) and [Ryan Rousseau](https://twitter.com/RyanRousseau).

Reviewer 2: I'd make the opening line a bit stronger. Suggestion: 

> Webinars are a way for us to share a deep dive into a specific topic for our customers as well as the broader DevOps community. 

Also, no link needed for Octopus.com. ;)

Reviewer 2: I think you need a hook to explain to anyone reading this post, what is in it for them? Suggestion: 

> In this post, I'll make a look at how run our webinars, how we improved them in 2020 and our top recommendations if your working through the holiday period.

> ## Webinars in 2020

Reviewer 2: Maybe make this more specific? Maybe not?!? 😄 

> Octopus webinars in 2020 - by the numbers

This year, I took over the running of the Octopus webinars, and we've had some exceptional webinars delivered by members of our Advisory team, members in our Engineering and Product teams and in this blog, I'm going to take you through our favorites that can keep you company over the festive break, if like me, you're working through it.

> This year, we had:

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: 
> By the numbers:

Reviewer 2: I think this section is great. Does it make sense to expand on it at all? Mention YouTube views or something similar? Any other key stats?

- 29 Webinars
- Over 2000 attendees
- Over 5000 registrations
- World-class feedback

This year, we added:

- YouTube, Twitch & Facebook streaming

> - Purchased new webinar equipment for improved webinars

Reviewer 2: - Improved the technical quality and polish of our webinars with better cameras, lighting, green screens and more.

Reviewer 2: - Better presentation quality using [OBS](link(, [Restream.io](link) and <anything else to round out this point>.

Reviewer 2: Thinking further. I wonder if it's worth expanding on this here. Talk about our baseline and then expand on how we've improved our webinar execution and highlight the feedback that measures its success.

Author: I like the idea of adding this in, but I think it detracts from the post. That could probably be a complete blog in itself as we talk about audio, camera etc..

- Added OBS and Restream.io into our webinars

> Plans are already in place for webinars in 2021, and we'll be doing:

Reviewer 2: I'd remove this. This isn't official and I think it detracts from the purpose of the post.

- Octo 101 webinars more often on a Tuesday
- Config as Code
- Launching our Terraform provider live on a webinar
- Database DevOps with [Alex Yates](https://twitter.com/_AlexYates_) and [Bob Walker](https://twitter.com/DevOpsWalker)
- Release Management with Octopus Deploy
- Containerizing Octopus with [Michael Levan](https://twitter.com/TheNJDevOpsGuy)
- Kubernetes with Matt Casperson and Shawn Sesna

> ## Deploying Microservice containers to Kubernetes

Reviewer 2: I think we need to wrap the specific webinars under a headline of some sort. Something like `Top webinars of 2020`
